Enforce Identifier as a Scalar type with values [1, MAX_SIGNERS] (#247)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-frost: draft-irtf-cfrg-frost.md

* `MIN_SIGNERS` denotes the threshold number of participants required to issue a signature, where MIN_SIGNERS <= MAX_SIGNERS.
* `NUM_SIGNERS` denotes the number of signers that participate in an invocation of FROST signing, where
  MIN_SIGNERS <= NUM_SIGNERS <= MAX_SIGNERS.

> * The `Identifier` type is a `Scalar` restricted to the values [1, MAX_SIGNERS] associated with a participant, or signer.

Author: @chris-wood is this the right place/way to do this? We define the `Element` and `Scalar` types below in the context of group operations, so we haven't defined `Scalar` yet by this point in the doc

- DeserializeScalar(buf): Attempts to map a byte array `buf` to a `Scalar` `s`.
  This function can raise a DeserializeError if deserialization fails; see
  {{ciphersuites}} for group-specific input validation steps.

> - Scalar(x): Converts a two byte unsigned integer (uint16) `x` to the corresponding Scalar value with
> the same numeric value. For example, Scalar(1) yields a Scalar representing the value 1.

Author: ```suggestion
- Scalar(x): Converts a two byte unsigned integer (uint16) `x` to the corresponding 
  Scalar value with the same numeric value. For example, Scalar(1) yields a Scalar 
  representing the value 1.
```

- DeserializeScalar(buf): Attempts to map a byte array `buf` to a `Scalar` `s`.
  This function can raise a DeserializeError if deserialization fails; see
  {{ciphersuites}} for group-specific input validation steps.

> - Scalar(x): Converts a two byte unsigned integer (uint16) `x` to the corresponding 

Reviewer: Why is this restricted to two-byte integer inputs?

Reviewer 2: I think `Scalar(x)` is supposed to convert identifiers to scalars, so the restriction is due to the identifier restriction

Author: In this PR we also explicitly define Identifiers as Scalars, not integers:

![Screenshot_20220907-130739.png](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/552961/188938469-027cbfc5-bb93-4551-adc0-1f4c80e5fe6a.png)

Reviewer: I think this should accept _any_ integer and convert it to a Scalar. There should be no restriction on the size of the input integer. The output Scalar is only a valid identifier if it's in the range [1, MAX_SIGNERS].

Author: Done

> - Scalar(x): Converts a two byte unsigned integer (uint16) `x` to the corresponding 
>   Scalar value with the same numeric value. For example, Scalar(1) yields a Scalar 
>   representing the value 1.

Author: ```suggestion
- ConvertIntToScalar(x): Converts an unsigned integer `x` to the corresponding 
  Scalar value with the same numeric value. For example, ConvertIntToScalar(1) yields
  a Scalar representing the value 1.
```

  - DeserializeScalar(buf): Implemented by attempting to deserialize a Scalar from a
    little-endian 32-byte string. This function can fail if the input does not
    represent a Scalar in the range \[0, `G.Order()` - 1\].

>   - Scalar(i): Implemented by converting two byte unsigned integer (uint16) `i` to  a 32-byte, 

Author: ```suggestion
  - Scalar(i): Implemented by converting two byte unsigned integer (uint16) `i` to a 32-byte, 
```

>   - Scalar(i): Implemented by converting two byte unsigned integer (uint16) `i` to  a 32-byte, 
>   little-endian byte string, with the 2 least significant bytes set by the 2 little-endian 
>   bytes of the uint16, and the remaining bytes set to zero (0), and parsing the 32-byte 
>   buffer with DeserializeScalar()

Author: ```suggestion
  - Scalar(i): Implemented by converting two byte unsigned integer (uint16) `i` to  a 32-byte, 
    little-endian byte string, with the 2 least significant bytes set by the 2 little-endian 
    bytes of the uint16, and the remaining bytes set to zero (0), and parsing the 32-byte 
    buffer with DeserializeScalar()
```

  - DeserializeScalar(buf): Implemented by attempting to deserialize a Scalar from a
    little-endian 32-byte string. This function can fail if the input does not
    represent a Scalar in the range \[0, `G.Order()` - 1\].

>   - Scalar(i): Implemented by converting two byte unsigned integer (uint16) `i` to a 2-byte,
>   little-endian byte string and parsed with DeserializeScalar()

Author: ```suggestion
  - Scalar(i): Implemented by converting two byte unsigned integer (uint16) `i` to  a 32-byte, 
  little-endian byte string, with the 2 least significant bytes set by the 2 little-endian 
  bytes of the uint16, and the remaining bytes set to zero (0), and parsing the 32-byte 
  buffer with DeserializeScalar()
```

  - DeserializeScalar(buf): Implemented by attempting to deserialize a Scalar from a
    little-endian 32-byte string. This function can fail if the input does not
    represent a Scalar in the range \[0, `G.Order()` - 1\].

>   - Scalar(i): Implemented by converting two byte unsigned integer (uint16) `i` to a 2-byte,
>   little-endian byte string and parsed with DeserializeScalar()

Author: ```suggestion
  - Scalar(i): Implemented by converting two byte unsigned integer (uint16) `i` to a 32-byte, 
    little-endian byte string, with the 2 least significant bytes set by the 2 little-endian 
    bytes of the uint16, and the remaining bytes set to zero (0), and parsing the 32-byte 
    buffer with DeserializeScalar()
```

  - DeserializeScalar(buf): Implemented by attempting to deserialize a Scalar from a
    little-endian 48-byte string. This function can fail if the input does not
    represent a Scalar in the range \[0, `G.Order()` - 1\].

>   - Scalar(i): Implemented by converting two byte unsigned integer (uint16) `i` to a 2-byte,
>   little-endian byte string and parsed with DeserializeScalar()

Author: ```suggestion
  - Scalar(i): Implemented by converting two byte unsigned integer (uint16) `i` to a 48-byte, 
    little-endian byte string, with the 2 least significant bytes set by the 2 little-endian 
    bytes of the uint16, and the remaining bytes set to zero (0), and parsing the 48-byte 
    buffer with DeserializeScalar()
```

  - DeserializeScalar(buf): Implemented by attempting to deserialize a Scalar from a 32-byte
    string using Octet-String-to-Field-Element from {{SEC1}}. This function can fail if the
    input does not represent a Scalar in the range \[0, `G.Order()` - 1\].

>   - Scalar(i): Implemented by converting two byte unsigned integer (uint16) `i` to a 2-byte,
>   big-endian byte string and parsed with DeserializeScalar()

Author: ```suggestion
  - Scalar(i): Implemented by converting two byte unsigned integer (uint16) `i` to a 
    32-byte, big-endian byte string, with the 2 least significant bytes set by the 2
    big-endian bytes of the uint16, and the remaining bytes set to zero (0), and 
    parsing the 32-byte buffer with DeserializeScalar()
```

  - DeserializeScalar(buf): Implemented by attempting to deserialize a Scalar from a 32-byte
    string using Octet-String-to-Field-Element from {{SEC1}}. This function can fail if the
    input does not represent a Scalar in the range \[0, `G.Order()` - 1\].

>   - Scalar(i): Implemented by converting two byte unsigned integer (uint16) `i` to a 2-byte,
>     big-endian byte string and parsed with DeserializeScalar()

Author: ```suggestion
  - Scalar(i): Implemented by converting two byte unsigned integer (uint16) `i` to a 
    32-byte, big-endian byte string, with the 2 least significant bytes set by the 2
    big-endian bytes of the uint16, and the remaining bytes set to zero (0), and 
    parsing the 32-byte buffer with DeserializeScalar()
```
